Introducing `crypto` section since WebCrypto module has been promoted (#1886)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/shared/webcrypto/deprecated.md

---
title: Experimental webcrypto module admonition
---

{{< admonition type="caution" >}}

> The experimental module `k6/experimental/webcrypto` has graduated, and it's functionality is now available globally through the [`crypto` object](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/crypto). The `k6/experimental/webcrypto` is deprecated and will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experimental module `k6/experimental/webcrypto` has graduated, and its functionality is now available globally through the [`crypto` object](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/crypto). The `k6/experimental/webcrypto` is deprecated and will be removed in the near future.
```

> To migrate your scripts, just remove the `k6/experimental/webcrypto` imports and use the `crypto` object instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate your scripts, remove the `k6/experimental/webcrypto` imports and use the `crypto` object instead.
```
